docs: adds documentation for personal api tokens (#2164)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/advanced/api_access.md

## Step 1: Create API token {#step-1-create-api-token}

> Please refer to [_how to create API tokens_](../user_guide/api-token) on how to create an API token. Alternatively, you can use a [personal access token](/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#personal-access-tokens), see [_creating a personal api token_](../user_guide/personal-api-token) to create your own tokens. You'll need either an `Admin` or `Personal API Token` for this to work.

Reviewer: Links should also include file extensions

```suggestion
Please refer to [_how to create API tokens_](../user_guide/api-token) on how to create an API token. Alternatively, you can use a [personal access token](/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx#personal-access-tokens), see [_creating a personal api token_](../user_guide/personal-api-token.mdx) to create your own tokens. You'll need either an `Admin` or `Personal API Token` for this to work.
```

> Please refer to [_how to create API tokens_](../user_guide/api-token) on how to create an API token. Alternatively, you can use a [personal access token](/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx#personal-access-tokens), see [_creating a personal api token_](../user_guide/personal-api-token.mdx) to create your own tokens. You'll need either an `Admin` or `Personal API Token` for this to work.

Reviewer: I wonder if this can be rewritten a little bit. Something like:

```suggestion
You'll need either an [admin token](../reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx#admin-tokens) or a [personal API token](../reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx#personal-access-tokens) for this to work. To create one, follow the steps in the [_how to create API tokens_](../user_guide/token.mdx) guide or the [_how to create personal access tokens_](../user_guide/personal-api-token.mdx) guide, respectively.
```

This also links directly to the file for the token guide, which is preferable.

Author: I like it!

> You'll need either an [admin token](../reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx#admin-tokens) or a [personal API token](../reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys.mdx#personal-access-tokens) for this to work. To create one, follow the steps in the [_how to create API tokens_](../user_guide/token.mdx) guide or the [_how to create personal access tokens_](../user_guide/personal-access-token.mdx) guide, respectively.

Author: Damnit I missed one, thanks!
